docs: Tell contributors about docs (#578)
awslabs/syne-tune: CONTRIBUTING.md

'help wanted' issues is a great place to start.

## Contributing to the Documentation

We also greatly value contributions to our [documentation](https://github.com/awslabs/syne-tune/tree/main/docs/source).
In fact, some of our tutorials have been developed by external contributors. You
can build the docs locally (assuming you have installed Syne Tune as `dev` or
`extra`):

```bash
cd docs
rm -rf source/_apidoc
make clean
make html
```

Then, load `docs/build/html/index.html` in your browser. Here are some further
hints:

> * When looking at a pull request on GitHub, you can also explore the documentation
>   that this PR implies. Locate the check **docs/readthedocs.org:syne-tune**, click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can also preview documentation changes directly from the GitHub Pull Request page. Just open the PR that you want to view the proposed doc changes for, locate the check **docs/readthedocs.org:syne-tune**, click
```
